GPC-247: Add policy for enforced mfa (#785)
alphagov/gdx-data-share-poc: doc/infrastructure.md

Once the infrastructure has been created using terraform, a database user needs to be created.
Connect to the RDS cluster using the bastion ([instructions](./connecting-to-hosted-databases.md)) and create the user:

```psql
CREATE USER <username> WITH LOGIN;
GRANT rds_iam TO <username>;
GRANT rds_superuser TO <username>;
```

The `<username>` needs to be set as a module varible in terraform,
e.g. `terraform/dev/main.tf` > `module "data-share-service"` > `db_username`

## Creating a new AWS user

> When a new AWS user is created, they should be added to the `all_users` group on AWS to enforce MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new AWS user is created, they should be added to the `mfa_enforced` group on AWS to enforce MFA.
```
